One thing is a beautiful one again
Today I want you
show how to get out of these three simple ones
a great face mask resp
so facial exfoliation can be done
if you want to know how the whole
go and how it works then
please plan and I wish you
Have fun for this secret baking powder
Mixture you need baking powder once
then once a tablespoon needed
her back natron of it a whole blackboard
So either a coffee cup or ever
after the normal chance you because there
have lie and sea ​​salt and for that
she also needs another tablespoon
or, as the case may be, newer again
should be peelings
I invite you first how to do that
All me and I will be the same
again for you there so i have here
now a cup back soda in my
Now I only have half a cup
bagdad space taken because my cup
is quite big
I would recommend you a normal
coffee mug to take this
I should explain this to commercial users
which one of the grandma's kitchen knows exactly
I would rather recommend that because
otherwise that would be too much
then I pack here once so
baking powder and once more salt so that
what we do is that we have this bug
Simply go into a natron
bowl
then we give a tablespoon of
baking powder added to it and one
tablespoons of sea salt or just normal
salt so that helped again
and all for me then me
tidy and are then thus
Goes that way because we all this here
mixed together
So I have everyone now
took
is it that I complete myself that
It is easy for you to use it all
a bike that means you can do that in
give a lok and lure can or in
any dose where her then
want to keep and it excites you
then each time takes away from the side
Mix a spoon so one
teaspoon and then there in such a
bowl and then either give it to you
or two
the best is always such a movie with
water quite normal water so cold
water and then add it to the mixture
and then you get the band after you
mixed bit has such a mass so
that's how it is after we did that
that you are always best at night
new complete make-up is taking
not neutral so it's really free
everything from make up and everything
what belongs to it must not get on it
be nothing then takes the mix has
it in your hand and that it does
then in circular movements on the
massage in the skin and then always
for a minute and after we did that
how much have you done for a minute?
please cool down with cold water
not with warm water but with
cold so the salt could not
dissolve the beautiful ones on it
stay in it and that's your skin
therefore succeed with cold water please
wash down and then I promise
you world so beautiful skin feeling
have the skin is looking for soft afterwards
and all that we have done now
you have for that skin that too
is played again which means that
also a pilot working with in it
and the best part is baking tron's
known for that, so you ph the ph
returns the ph value of the skin
that is, a skin has a certain
ph value and sometimes it can too
lust be through any
through chemical things
any cleaner that our ph
worth on the skin is suddenly disturbed
and sometimes too
so impurities lead to it
lead pimples or to any
skin irritation and that's just stop
home and such a secret tip in front of me
and something dull is known for that
it makes the skin totally nice and soft
that is really my absolute secret
favorite baking mix peeling green
that's why a beautiful skin pleases
I can give you this then
But this one kieling only to heart
please put it out and try it
that does not cost much, either
question to you would be what is yours
Secret recipe for a healthy skin
no longer writes under the
comments that would make me totally
What are you so interested in?
have secrets and yes I would say
Thank you for making a virtual
and I look forward to next time
you